http://www.gog.com/news/special_promo_pay_what_you_want_for_interplay_games

Special Promo: Pay What You Want for Interplay Games

Pay what you want for Interplay Games on GOG.com! Get Screamer,
Freespace, Fallout, and 29 more incredible Interplay titles worth nearly
$200!

Quick Summary:
1. How Much? Pay as little as $0.01--get 8 Interplay Games.
Pay more than average--get 20 Interplay Games.
Pay $34.99 or more--get 32 Interplay Games +
20 amazing soundtracks, and tons of goodies.
2. Own some of the games? Don't worry--you'll get a giftable code.
3. Want to pay more? Sure you can :)

We're really happy we can present Pay What You Want for Interplay Games to you. For the first time ever, a big-name publisher who's been in the business for decades is offering its catalog at a pay-what-you-want price point, and for the next 14 days, you--our favorite gamers--will have a chance to buy Interplay games available on GOG.com for a price that cannot be beaten.

For any price you feel is fair, you will receive 8 games, including greats such as Conquest of the New World, Jagged Alliance 2: Unfinished Business, or M.A.X. + M.A.X. 2. Paying more than the average community purchase will net a total of 20 games, with fantastic titles such as Giants: Citizen Kabuto, Freespace + Expansion, or Descent 3 and its expansion included. Finally, the top supporters who pay $34.99 or more, receive the whole Interplay catalog available on GOG.com--worth more than $190--including the three Fallout games, MDK and MDK 2, Sacrifice, Descent 1+2, Freespace 2, and more.

You already own some of the games? That is not a problem--users who already own some of the games in the bundle will receive a giftable code for titles they have. The holiday season is coming soon(ish), so if any of you is looking for a nice little gift package of unmatchable value for the gamer they love, gift a code for the whole bundle!

Do you love GOG.com more than the words can say? Well, if you can't say it, you can spread the love by sharing, commenting, tweeting, redditing, posting, finger-painting, or even simply approaching strangers in the streets and yelling "Interplay Pay What You Want on GOG!".

Pay What You Want for Interplay Games--don't wait, this offer will not last forever!